---
slug: application
id: ylynqfneshqn
type: challenge
title: Applying Our Model to Determine Fraud
tabs:
- id: xs7t9jhyoxnu
  title: Elastic
  type: service
  hostname: kubernetes-vm
  path: /app/ml/trained_models
  port: 30001
difficulty: ""
timelimit: 0
enhanced_loading: null
---

Applying our model
===

Now that we've built a model, we can deploy it and apply it against actual trades being generated by our `monkey` service!

Notably, these are new trades being made; the goal is to use the model we created to identify trades that are possibly fraudulent. The model should identify trades as fraudulent which fit the pattern you created when you generated training data.

To apply our model, we will be creating an Ingest Pipeline. That Ingest Pipeline could then be applied in real-time to new trades coming in, or can be applied in batches. Given the CPU overhead with running a model, we will plan to run it offline in batches.

1. On our Trained Models page, find the model `classifcation-*`
2. On the right hand side of row containing our model, click `...` to open the contextual menu and select `Deploy model`
3. Under `1. Details` select `Continue`
4. Under `2. Configure processor` select `Continue`
5. Under `3. Handle failures` select `Continue`
6. Under `4. Test (Optional)` select `Continue`
7. Under `5. Create` select `Create pipeline`

## Next steps

Open `Next steps`:
1. Open `Reindex with pipeline`
2. Set `Destination index name` to
  ```
  classified_trades
  ```
3. Enable `Create data view`
9. Click `Reindex`

Checking our accuracy
===

# Discover

1. In Elastic, navigate to `Discover`
2. Set `Data view` to `classified_trades`
3. We want to look specifically at _non-training_ data. To do that, set the `Filter` to
  ```
  attributes.com.example.data_source : "monkey" and ml.inference.classification.classification :"fraud"
  ```
4. Open a row and note that the attributes match the pattern of fraudulent transactions you previously generated (refer to that screen snapshot you took)

# Custom Dashboard

We've created a custom dashboard which we can use to visually compare the classification of our new transactions against the features of the transactions.

1. In Elastic, navigate to `Dashboards` > `Fraudulent Transactions`
2. Validate that graphs match the pattern of fraudulent transactions you generated (refer to that screen snapshot you took)

Summary
===

In less than an hour we were able to build, deploy, and validate a model which can successful predict fraudulent transactions. We built our model from actual fraudulent data (which you generated), classified as fraudulent (by our customer service team). We let Elastic do the heavy lifting of studying the complex relationship between the influencing variables to build a practical and fairly accurate model. All without requiring months of work by your data science team.

Want to learn more about OpenTelemetry or Machine Learning? [Reach out to us!](https://www.elastic.co/contact)